DP-94: Review Cloud docs and Pendo before Cohort 2 (#1573)
OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi: docs/modules/reference/pages/glossary.adoc

= Glossary
:description: Glossary of terms related to OpenNMS Lōkahi/Cloud.

== A
[[glossary-active-discovery]]

> Active discovery:: Queries nodes and cloud APIs to detect the entities to monitor through ping sweeps (ICMP/SNMP) or querying the virtual machine list (Azure).

Reviewer: Not sure I would include `cloud APIs`.

> Active discovery:: Queries nodes and cloud APIs to detect the entities to monitor through ping sweeps (ICMP/SNMP) or querying the virtual machine list (Azure).

Author: ```suggestion
Active discovery:: Queries nodes to detect the entities to monitor through ping sweeps (ICMP/SNMP) or querying the virtual machine list (Azure).
```

== D
[[glossary-discovery]]

> Discovery:: A discovery is a process to identify devices and nodes on your monitored network through either <<glossary-active-discovery, active>> or <<glossary-passive-discovery, passive>> discovery.

Author: ```suggestion
Discovery:: A discovery is a process to identify <<glossary-node, nodes>> on your monitored network through either <<glossary-active-discovery, active>> or <<glossary-passive-discovery, passive>> discovery.
```

> Discovery:: A discovery is a process to identify devices and nodes on your monitored network through either <<glossary-active-discovery, active>> or <<glossary-passive-discovery, passive>> discovery.

Reviewer: `devices and nodes` - would just stick with `nodes`
